README.md, before:

# leetcode-practice-python
This repository is a template which automates the boilerplate code when adding solutions to leetcode problems.

Using a single command, one can get the question information, generate the python executable template, generate the test files, and update the table at the end of the README.

This repository uses [leetcode-cli](https://github.com/skygragon/leetcode-cli) to get the question information. Big thanks to the leetcode-cli owners for providing such tool.

## Question Solutions

Please check the [Solution Summary](QUESTIONS.md).

## Usage

### Installation

To install the needed libraries:

```shell
$ make setup
```

### Login to Leetcode

Currently, the only way to login is logging into chrome/firefox, then running:

```shell
$ make leetcode-login
```

This command automatically gets the needed cookies from the browser.

### Downloading a Question

To generate the files of a given question:

```shell
$ make get-question ID=<question_id>
```

### Submitting a Question

To submit a question to leetcode:

```shell
$ make submit-question ID=<question_id>
```

### Dowloading All Submissions

To download the latest accepted submission for each solved problem:

```shell
$ make get-all-submissions
```

### Removing a Question

To remove a downloaded problem (delete files and remove from readme):

```shell
$ make remove-question ID=<question_id>
```

Commit message:

Remove leetcode-cli (#23)
* add function to get title slug

* update get question

* change map to dataclass

* refactor get question

* fix output

* refactor submit function

* remove deprecated functions

* remove leetcode-cli

* change files location

* update readme

* fix readme

* simplify functions

* fix getting two outputs for the same example

* fix not importing multi-function questions

* fix multi function

README.md, after:

# leetcode-practice-python
This repository is a template which automates the boilerplate code when adding solutions to leetcode problems.

Using a single command, one can get the question information, generate the python executable template, generate the test files, and update the table at the end of the README.

## Question Solutions

Please check the [Solution Summary](QUESTIONS.md).

## Usage

Currently, it is necessary to log into leetcode on either chrome or firefox before running the commands.

### Installation

To install the needed libraries:

```shell
$ make setup
```

### Downloading a Question

To generate the files of a given question:

```shell
$ make get-question ID=<question_id>
```

### Submitting a Question

To submit a question to leetcode:

```shell
$ make submit-question ID=<question_id>
```

### Dowloading All Submissions

To download the latest accepted submission for each solved problem:

```shell
$ make get-all-submissions
```

### Removing a Question

To remove a downloaded problem (delete files and remove from readme):

```shell
$ make remove-question ID=<question_id>
```
